feat(plugin): Support mapping kotlin properties names to camelCase in generated code (#426)
sksamuel/avro4k: gradle-plugin/README.md

Reviewer: Sure! Im French, and sometimes I write stuff in English and ask Ai to improve it. Sometimes in French and translate it, sometimes just from a piece of code.

But, the most important part is to not pollute as Ai loves to do: talking too much. Probably you have to ask ai to be concise, or just translate is also enough!

import com.example.yourpackage.YourGeneratedClass
Avro.encodeToByteArray(YourGeneratedClass(...))
```

## Field Naming Strategy

The plugin provides built-in field naming strategies to convert Avro field names to Kotlin property names.
This is useful when your Avro schemas use naming conventions that differ from Kotlin conventions.

### Available Strategies

| Strategy | Description | Example: `user_id` → |
|----------|-------------|---------------------|
| `IDENTITY` | Keeps original names (default) | `user_id` |
| `CAMEL_CASE` | Converts to camelCase | `userId` |

### Usage

```kotlin
import com.github.avrokotlin.avro4k.plugin.gradle.FieldNamingStrategyType

avro4k {
    sourcesGeneration {
        fieldNamingStrategy = FieldNamingStrategyType.IDENTITY    // default
        fieldNamingStrategy = FieldNamingStrategyType.CAMEL_CASE
    }
}
```

### Serialization Compatibility

> Since non-identity strategies alter property names, the generator adds `@SerialName("original_avro_field")` to maintain serialization compatibility. This explicitly maps the Kotlin property back to the original Avro field name, overriding the default naming behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since changing the naming strategy only changes the kotlin property name but not the avro's record field name, the generator adds `@SerialName("original_avro_field")` to keep the serialized name. This annotation explicitly maps the Kotlin property back to the original Avro field name.
```

import com.example.yourpackage.YourGeneratedClass
Avro.encodeToByteArray(YourGeneratedClass(...))
```

## Field Naming Strategy

The plugin provides built-in field naming strategies to convert Avro field names to Kotlin property names.
This is useful when your Avro schemas use naming conventions that differ from Kotlin conventions.

### Available Strategies

| Strategy | Description | Example: `user_id` → |
|----------|-------------|---------------------|
| `IDENTITY` | Keeps original names (default) | `user_id` |
| `CAMEL_CASE` | Converts to camelCase | `userId` |
| `SNAKE_CASE` | Converts to snake_case | `user_id` |
| `PASCAL_CASE` | Converts to PascalCase | `UserId` |

### Usage

```kotlin
import com.github.avrokotlin.avro4k.plugin.gradle.FieldNamingStrategyType

avro4k {
    sourcesGeneration {
        fieldNamingStrategy = FieldNamingStrategyType.IDENTITY    // default
        fieldNamingStrategy = FieldNamingStrategyType.CAMEL_CASE
        fieldNamingStrategy = FieldNamingStrategyType.SNAKE_CASE
        fieldNamingStrategy = FieldNamingStrategyType.PASCAL_CASE
    }
}
```

### Serialization Compatibility

> When using a non-identity strategy, `@SerialName` annotations are automatically added to all generated record properties with the original Avro field name. This ensures serialization and deserialization work correctly without any additional configuration.

Reviewer: I think it deserves a better explanation on why the annotation is here: to ignore the kotlin's property name and override it with the original field name from the avro schema

    "symbols": ["FR", "GB", "IT"]
}
```

> ## Kotlin Field Name Convention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Comply to Kotlin property naming convention
```
